[Load Balancing] Account Load Balancing updates (#22084)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/load-balancing/load-balancers/dns-records.mdx

---

> When you [create a load balancer](/load-balancing/load-balancers/create-load-balancer/), Cloudflare automatically creates an LB DNS record for the specified **Hostname**. This functionality allows you to use a hostname with or without an existing DNS record. Private load balancers do not receive an automatic DNS record. Instead, you can configure a hostname using your internal DNS system or by applying a Gateway Firewall override.

Reviewer: Nit: Can we link to a documentation page where we explain a bit more what Gateway Firewall overrides are or how to apply them?

> When you [create a load balancer](/load-balancing/load-balancers/create-load-balancer/), Cloudflare automatically creates an LB DNS record for the specified **Hostname**. This functionality allows you to use a hostname with or without an existing DNS record. Private load balancers do not receive an automatic DNS record. Instead, you can configure a hostname using your internal DNS system or by applying a Gateway Firewall override.

Author: ```suggestion
When you [create a load balancer](/load-balancing/load-balancers/create-load-balancer/), Cloudflare automatically creates an LB DNS record for the specified **Hostname**. This functionality allows you to use a hostname with or without an existing DNS record. Private load balancers do not receive an automatic DNS record. Instead, you can configure a hostname using your internal DNS system or by using a [Gateway Firewall override](/cloudflare-one/policies/gateway/dns-policies/#override) for a hostname.
```
